
 Domains
 Contests
 Rank
 Leaderboard
 Jobs
  annoytheworld

All Contests  Contest Programming  Dickinson 2013: Catch Me If You Can!
Dickinson 2013: Catch Me If You Can!
by JeremyBlum
Problem
Submissions
Leaderboard
Discussions
You are an FBI agent hot on the trail of a clever fraudster named Carmen. She is employing a variety of transportation methods to get from one city to the next: airplane, bus, ferry, taxi, and train. You’ve found a way to track what type of tickets she is purchasing. Use the information about the types of transportation available at different cities to figure out where Carmen has escaped to.

Input Format

Input consists of a table of all possible cities and modes of transportation between cities, followed by one or more problems.

The first line contains a single integer n (0 < n ≤ 5000), denoting the number of transportation routes to follow. The following n lines each list a mode of transportation (one of airplane, bus, ferry, taxi, or train), a start city, and an end city, separated by spaces. Each city name is a string consisting of only numbers, letters, and the underscore. The end city is never identical to start city. City names appearing multiple times in the Input file will always have the same capitalization. There will no more than 500 unique city names.

After the n lines listing available transportation, there will be a line containing a single integer m (0 < m ≤ 20), denoting the number of problems following.

The following m lines list a starting city, then a space, then some number of transport modes (no more than 50, each one of airplane, bus, ferry, taxi, or train) each followed by a space, then the word stop.

Output Format

For each of the m problems given in the input, output on one line a list of possible cities for Carmen to be at, in alphabetical order, separated by spaces. If the input is such that the trip was not possible, then output just the word “Impossible”.

Sample Input

13
taxi Carlisle Harrisburg
airplane Harrisburg Baltimore
bus Harrisburg York
ferry Harrisburg Millersburg
taxi Harrisburg Carlisle
taxi Harrisburg York
train Harrisburg Lancaster
bus York Baltimore
bus York Harrisburg
airplane Baltimore Harrisburg
bus Baltimore York
ferry Millersburg Harrisburg
train Lancaster Harrisburg
4
Carlisle taxi ferry ferry airplane bus stop
Carlisle taxi bus bus stop
Harrisburg stop
Lancaster ferry bus stop
Sample Output

York
Baltimore Harrisburg
Harrisburg
Impossible
Explanation

In this example, the following transportation types are available at the various cities in the region:

From Carlisle: Taxi - to Harrisburg
From Harrisburg: Airplane - to Baltimore; Bus - to York; Ferry - to Millersburg; Taxi - to Carlisle, or York; Train - to Lancaster
From York: Bus - to Baltimore, or Harrisburg
From Baltimore: Airplane - to Harrisburg; Bus - to York
From Millersburg: Ferry - to Harrisburg
From Lancaster: Train - to Harrisburg
In the first query, you know that Carmen started in Carlisle, and made the following purchases during her trip:

taxi fare
ferry ticket
ferry ticket
airplane ticket
bus ticket
From this information, you can deduce that Carmen has traveled to York. (She starts in Carlisle, takes a taxi to Harrisburg, takes a ferry to Millersburg, takes a ferry back to Harrisburg, then takes an airplane to Baltimore, then rides a bus to York.)

In the second query, she starts in Carlisle and purchases:

taxi fare
bus ticket
bus ticket
This time, you know Carmen ends up in either Baltimore or Harrisburg. (She starts in Carlisle, takes a taxi to Harrisburg, rides a bus to York, then rides on to Baltimore. Or, she starts in Carlisle, takes a taxi to Harrisburg, rides a bus to York, then rides a bus back to Harrisburg.)